then bildad the shuhite answered how
long will you speak these things in the
words of your mouth be like a strong
wind does God subvert judgment or does
the almighty pervert justice if you our
sons have sinned against him he has cast
them away for their transgression if you
would earn ously seek God and make your
supplication to the Almighty if you were
pure and upright surely now he would
awake for you and prosper your rightful
dwelling place though your beginning was
small yet your latter end would increase
abundantly for inquire please of the
former age and consider the things
discovered by their fathers for we were
born yesterday and know nothing because
our days on earth are a shadow will they
not teach you and tell you and utter
words from their heart can the papyrus
grow up without a marsh can the reeds
flourish without water while it is yet
green and not cut down it withers before
any other plant so are the paths of all
who forget God and the hope of the
hypocrites Shall Perish whose confidence
shall be cut off and whose Trust is a
spider's web he leans on his house but
it does not stand he holds it fast but
it does not endure he grows green and
the Sun and his branches spread out in
his garden
his roots wrap around the rock heap and
look for a place in the stones
if he is destroyed from his place then
it will deny him saying I have not seen
you behold this is the joy of his way
and out of the earth
others will grow behold God will not
cast away the blameless nor will he
uphold the evil doers he will yet to
fill your mouth with laughing and your
lips with rejoicing those who hate you
will be clothed with shame and the
dwelling place of the wicked will come
to nothing
[Music]